#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
affine==2.3.0
    # via rasterio
anyio==3.3.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
astropy==4.3.1
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   poliastro
    #   pyvo
astroquery==0.4.3
    # via poliastro
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   rasterio
    #   visions
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via astroquery
black==21.9b0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.6
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   flask
    #   geomet
    #   rasterio
    #   sentinelsat
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via rasterio
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via dask
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via secretstorage
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
dask==2021.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.4.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.17.1
    # via flit
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flit==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flit-core==3.3.0
    # via flit
fsspec==2021.9.0
    # via dask
geojson==2.5.0
    # via sentinelsat
geomet==0.3.0
    # via sentinelsat
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via sentinelsat
html5lib==1.1
    # via astroquery
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagehash==4.2.1
    # via visions
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via keyring
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipyleaflet==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==7.28.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipyleaflet
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.7.1
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pandas-profiling
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
jplephem==2.16
    # via poliastro
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.8.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==23.2.1
    # via astroquery
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.37.0
    # via numba
locket==0.2.1
    # via partd
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   pandas-profiling
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   poliastro
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mimeparse==0.1.3
    # via pyvo
missingno==0.5.0
    # via pandas-profiling
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.2.1
    # via sympy
multimethod==1.6
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
mypy==0.910
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclassic==0.3.2
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nbresuse==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
networkx==2.6.3
    # via visions
notebook==6.4.4
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbresuse
    #   rise
    #   widgetsnbextension
numba==0.54.0
    # via poliastro
numpy==1.20.3
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   astroquery
    #   imagehash
    #   jplephem
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   poliastro
    #   pyerfa
    #   pywavelets
    #   rasterio
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   snuggs
    #   visions
    #   xarray
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   dask
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pytest
pandas==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   poliastro
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
    #   xarray
pandas-profiling==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.0
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via black
plotly==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   poliastro
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
poliastro==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbresuse
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via ipython
psutil==5.8.0
    # via nbresuse
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pyerfa==2.0.0
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   poliastro
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyvo==1.1
    # via astroquery
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   pandas-profiling
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
rasterio==1.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2021.9.24
    # via black
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroquery
    #   flit
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   pyvo
    #   requests-unixsocket
    #   sentinelsat
requests-unixsocket==0.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
rise==5.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   poliastro
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via keyring
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
sentinelsat==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astroquery
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   geomet
    #   html5lib
    #   imagehash
    #   jsonschema
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sympy==1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.1.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
threadpoolctl==2.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   flit
    #   flit-core
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.1
    # via black
toolz==0.11.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   sentinelsat
traitlets==5.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via ipyleaflet
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-unixsocket
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.4
    # via pandas-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via flask
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
xarray==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.5.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
